														
														
		Hypothesis Testing Graded Quiz												
														
			If you want to test the claim that the MTBF of a particular piece of equipment has increased from 1230 operating hours, what would your null hypothesis be?											
														
				H0: µ = 1230		 								
														
			If your hypothesis test is: H0: µ ≤ 23.6, H1: µ > 23.6, what type of test will you need to do?											
														
				Cyclical		 								
														
			While performing a hypothesis test, you calculate a p-value of 0.05. If the desired level of significance α = 0.01 then the conclusion is:											
														
				Do not reject the null hypothesis because there is a statistical difference.								 		
														
			Suppose we have the following hypothesis Z-test: A vendor claims their parts are shipped with a measurement of 1.86 cm. Assume σ = 0.03, n=64, critical values are ±1.96, and we calculate Z=3.6. What would we conclude?											
														
				Conclude that 3.6 is outside the critical region, do not reject H0 and state the vendor’s claim is valid.										 
														
			For a continuous data, small sample size, calculate the 95% confidence interval for the population mean. Given: Sample size = 16, average of the samples = 12, df=n-1, and the sample standard deviation is 4.											
														
				9.869 ≤ µ ≤ 14.131										
														
														
		Design of Experiments- pt 1 Graded Quiz												
														
			Which of the following was the origin of Design of Experiments related to?											
														
				Agriculture in the 1920s				 						
														
			Machine (A,B, or C) and fan speed (high or low) seem to have an impact on the painting process. Setting Machine B to fan speed low is an example of what?											
														
				A treatment		Experimental error								
														
			Machine (A,B, or C) and fan speed (high or low) seem to have an impact on the painting process. What is an example of a factor for the study?											
														
				Fan speed			Paint quality							
														
			Suppose you want to study the impact of car age and average speed driven on the tread life of a new brand of tires. What is the outcome you are studying?											
														
				Tread life		 		 						
														
			Suppose you want to study the impact of car age and average speed driven on the tread life of a new brand of tires. What is an example of a factor level you might study?											
														
				Car less than 1 year old			 							
							 							
			What is the term for when the effect of one input factor on the output depends on the level of another input factor?											
														
				Factors			 							
														
			If we are studying the impact of employee shift length on employee errors made in order-picking, what would the dependent variable be?											
														
				Errors made in order-picking										
														
			Which of the following is NOT a tool for reducing the noise in DOE?											
														
				Replication			 							
														
			Which of the following in DOE is most closely related to the concept of sample size in hypothesis testing?											
														
				Replications		 								
														
			Which of the following is a benefit of randomization when compared to repetition?											
														
				Randomization allows for the variation due to machine setup to be captured								 		
														
			What is the term for designing and organizing the experiment in a way to lessen the effects of special cause variation by grouping the experiments in batches of tests or runs?											
														
				Blocking										
														
			Put the following 4 steps in the correct order for performing a Design of Experiments:											
														
				iii,i,ii,iv										
														
														
														
		Design of Experiments- pt 2 Graded Quiz												
														
			According to the chart above, what is the value for the high level (+) of the factor for hours of sleep?											
														
				92.5		 								
														
			According to the chart above, what is the main effect of factor A?											
														
				22.25										
														
			According to the chart above, what would the sign for the interaction (sleepXstudying) term be for run 1?											
														
				Negative 		 								
														
			According to the chart above, what is the interaction effect for AXB?											
														
				3.25		 								
														
			Which of the following statements about confounding is true?											
														
				Variables are confounded if their effects cannot be separated in the study performed										
														
			Which of the following is NOT an assumption for ANOVA?											
														
				The means must be the same for all treatments						 				
														
			What is the appropriate ratio for testing ANOVA for one factor?											
														
				MS treatments divided by MS residual (error)						 				
														
			Which test would be most appropriate for testing for differences between 4 population means?											
														
				ANOVA		 								
														
			In a full factorial experiment with 5 factors at 2 levels each, how many trials are required?											
														
				32		 								
														
			Which of the following is a good reason for using a fractional factorial experiment rather than full factorial?											
														
				Expert opinion is that only the main factors are of concern in this process						You have a large budget for the experiment				
														
			If we have 4 levels of 3 factors, with 2 replicates of each combination, how many tests would we have?											
														
				128		 								
														
			Where does DOE tend to fall in the Six-sigma cycle?											
														
				Analyze										
														
			When selecting the input variables for DOE, which of the following is NOT a good idea?											
														
				Set no more than 3 levels of each factor										
				 										
