												
												
												
												
		Root Cause Analysis Graded Quiz										
												
			The seven step improvement model is fairly similar to DMAIC and PDCA.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			In an X, Y Matrix, Values are weighted based on:									
												
				Customer Importance			 					
												
			The purpose of the X,Y Matrix is to:									
												
				Prioritize possible causes								
												
			Counter measures are a whole new class of improvement tools.									
												
				FALSE								
												
			Right sized equipment favors small increments of capacity.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			Point of Use Storage reduces which two of the eight wastes?									
												
				Transportation and inventory								
												
			Source inspection means increasing the amount of inspection.									
												
				FALSE								
												
			Driving down changeover time, can also result in less Work in Process inventory and shorter cycle times.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			The first step in SMED it to apply 5S to the workplace.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			Internal elements are those changeover activities which occur when the machine is stopped.									
												
				TRUE								
												
												
		Lean Tools Graded Quiz										
												
			The first principle of Lean is to specify value. Who determines value?									
												
				Customers								
												
			What tool can we use to identify all the steps in the value stream?									
												
	NOT THIS 2			Failure Mode and Effects Analysis					Correlation and Regression			
												
			Flow means that work should move smoothly through the process with minimal stops and starts, and minimal wait times.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			What are the four lean goals?									
												
	NOT THIS 2			Improve Quality, Eliminate Waste, Reduce Lead Time, Cut Costs							Improve Quality, Eliminate Waste, Reduce Cycle time, Reduce total costs	
												
			In a Lean system, the focus is on managing Assets.									
												
				FALSE								
												
			In a pull system, production is triggered by a customer purchase.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			In a lean system, it is important for highly trained leaders to identify and implement the necessary improvements.									
												
				FALSE								
												
			In a traditional manufacturing system,95% of the time product is in the manufacturing facility is non-value added.									
												
				TRUE								
												
			Lean is more cost effective by immediately cutting expenditures that do not benefit the organization immediately									
												
				FALSE								
												
			Efficiency improvements through lean are usually limited to internal measures, and do not have real financial benefits.									
												
				FALSE								
												
												
		SPC and Control Plan Graded Quiz										
												
			A common cause is due to _____ whereas a special cause is considered _________									
												
				chance, assignable					 			
												
			Individuals (X-chart) and Moving Range charts are best for all of the following except									
												
				out of control processes				 				
												
			If we see nine points on the same side of the centerline, this indicates that the central tendency of the process is									
												
				Drifting			 	 				
												
			Variables control charts are more sensitive than attributes charts and therefore more									
												
				Powerful								
												
			Sampling done in time order, by process is called									
												
				Cluster Sampling				Systematic sampling				
												
			The advantages of variables control charts include all the following except									
												
				reduced number of charts				 				 
												
			Control charts are easy to set, but very difficult to									
												
				Maintain		 						 
												
			Deming believed that _____ of all problems are due to special causes.									
												
				15%								
												
			Some typical signs that our process is out of control include all the following except									
												
				flips		 						 
												
			P and np charts focus on proportion whereas c and u focus on the non-conformity itself									
												
				TRUE								
												
												
		Lean Tools for Process Control Graded Quiz										
												
			The initiatives of TPM can be summarized as an avoidance of reduced, idled or stopped performance due to all below except									
												
				taking breaks				 				
												
			The most current evolution of TPM is ___________									
												
				Breakdown Maintenance				 	 			
												
			TPM relies of data pertaining to equipment									
								 				
				Utilization				 				
												
			Changeovers are required when a setup is needed to satisfy a model variance requirement									
												
				TRUE								
												
			Availability is specifically the									
												
				actual operating time				 				
												
			Once the level of absent information is known, the organization can									
												
				Have a meeting				 	 	 		
												
			Performance loss is									
												
				the sum of losses during equipment operation				 	 			
												
			Make sure to communicate successes and keep the organization current regarding									
												
				All of the above				 	 			
												
			Idling and minor stoppages are intervals of inactivity that may be caused by									
												
				A lack of material				 	 			
												
			Quality loss is the sum of losses during equipment operation due to customer issues and rework									
												
				TRUE								
